Release core-react & tokens (#1125)
equinor/design-system: libraries/core-react/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.8.5] - 2021-02-22

### Added ✨

- Progress indicators ([#1090](https://github.com/equinor/design-system/issues/1090), [#1098](https://github.com/equinor/design-system/issues/1098))
  - `Circular`, `Star` and `Dots` now have a `size` property for adjusting size.
  - `Circular` and `Dots` now have a `color` property following the same color scheme as our other components.

>   - Added compound component support. You can now find the progress indicators as `Progress.Dots`, `Progress.Star` etc..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Refactored as compound components. You can now find the progress indicators as `Progress.Dots`, `Progress.Star` etc..
```

Reviewer: Since we’re not actually _supporting_ compound components, but offering them…

Author: @vnys We still have the individual sub-components being exported as `LinearProgress`, `CircularProgress` etc, so maybe also we should mention that they will be removed in the future

Reviewer: Yes, I agree

Author: Updated: 

>     - The individual `LinearProgress`, `CircularProgress`, `StarProgress` & `DotProgress` will be removed at a later time
